applications/github-actions.mdx, before:

---
title: "GitHub Actions Integration"
description: "Use qckfx CLI in GitHub Actions workflows for automated code analysis, testing, and repository management"
icon: "github"
---

The qckfx CLI can be seamlessly integrated into GitHub Actions workflows to provide AI-powered code analysis, automated testing, documentation generation, and repository management. This enables powerful automation capabilities in your CI/CD pipeline.

## Basic Setup

### Simple Workflow Example

```yaml
name: AI Code Review
on:
  pull_request:
    types: [opened, synchronize]

jobs:
  ai-review:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4
        with:
          fetch-depth: 0  # Fetch full history for better context

      - name: Setup Node.js
        uses: actions/setup-node@v4
        with:
          node-version: '18'

      - name: Run AI Code Review
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx << 'EOF'
          Please review the changes in this pull request. Focus on:
          1. Code quality and best practices
          2. Potential bugs or security issues
          3. Performance considerations
          4. Documentation completeness
          
          Provide a summary of your findings and any recommendations.
          EOF
```

### Environment Variables

Set up the required environment variables in your GitHub repository settings:

<CodeGroup>
```bash Repository Secrets
# Required: LLM API Key
LLM_API_KEY=sk-ant-...

# Optional: Custom LLM provider base URL
LLM_BASE_URL=https://api.openai.com/v1
```

```yaml Workflow Environment
env:
  LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
  # Optional: Override base URL for custom LLM providers
  LLM_BASE_URL: ${{ secrets.LLM_BASE_URL }}
```
</CodeGroup>

## Advanced Use Cases

### Automated Documentation Generation

```yaml
name: Update Documentation
on:
  push:
    branches: [main]
    paths: ['src/**', 'lib/**']

jobs:
  update-docs:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    permissions:
      contents: write
      pull-requests: write
    
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
      
      - name: Generate Documentation
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx << 'EOF'
          Please update the documentation based on recent code changes:
          
          1. Review the git diff since the last documentation update
          2. Update README.md with any new features or API changes
          3. Generate or update API documentation for modified functions
          4. Ensure all examples are current and working
          5. Update the changelog with a summary of changes
          EOF
      
      - name: Create Pull Request
        uses: peter-evans/create-pull-request@v5
        with:
          title: "docs: automated documentation update"
          body: "Automated documentation update based on recent code changes"
          branch: docs/auto-update
```

### Code Quality Analysis

```yaml
name: Code Quality Check
on:
  pull_request:
    types: [opened, synchronize, reopened]

jobs:
  quality-check:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
        with:
          fetch-depth: 0
      
      - name: Analyze Code Quality
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx << 'EOF'
          Perform a comprehensive code quality analysis:
          
          1. Check for code smells and anti-patterns
          2. Identify potential performance bottlenecks
          3. Review error handling and edge cases
          4. Assess test coverage and suggest missing tests
          5. Verify adherence to project coding standards
          
          Generate a detailed report with specific recommendations.
          Save the report to quality-report.md
          EOF
      
      - name: Upload Quality Report
        uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
        with:
          name: quality-report
          path: quality-report.md
      
      - name: Comment on PR
        uses: actions/github-script@v7
        with:
          script: |
            const fs = require('fs');
            if (fs.existsSync('quality-report.md')) {
              const report = fs.readFileSync('quality-report.md', 'utf8');
              github.rest.issues.createComment({
                issue_number: context.issue.number,
                owner: context.repo.owner,
                repo: context.repo.repo,
                body: `## 🤖 AI Code Quality Report\n\n${report}`
              });
            }
```

### Security Audit

```yaml
name: Security Audit
on:
  schedule:
    - cron: '0 2 * * 1'  # Weekly on Monday at 2 AM
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  security-audit:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Security Analysis
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx << 'EOF'
          Conduct a security audit of the codebase:
          
          1. Scan for common security vulnerabilities (OWASP Top 10)
          2. Check for hardcoded secrets or sensitive data
          3. Review authentication and authorization mechanisms
          4. Analyze input validation and sanitization
          5. Check for insecure dependencies
          6. Review API endpoints for security best practices
          
          Generate a security report with findings and remediation steps.
          Save the report to security-audit.md
          EOF
      
      - name: Create Security Issue
        if: always()
        uses: actions/github-script@v7
        with:
          script: |
            const fs = require('fs');
            if (fs.existsSync('security-audit.md')) {
              const report = fs.readFileSync('security-audit.md', 'utf8');
              github.rest.issues.create({
                owner: context.repo.owner,
                repo: context.repo.repo,
                title: `🔒 Weekly Security Audit - ${new Date().toISOString().split('T')[0]}`,
                body: report,
                labels: ['security', 'audit']
              });
            }
```

## Using Custom Agents

### With Agent Configuration Files

```yaml
name: Custom Agent Analysis
on:
  pull_request:

jobs:
  custom-analysis:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Run Custom Agent
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx --agent .qckfx/agents/code-reviewer.json << 'EOF'
          Review this pull request for code quality and suggest improvements.
          EOF
```

### With Sub-Agents

```yaml
name: Multi-Agent Analysis
on:
  pull_request:

jobs:
  multi-agent:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Run Analysis with Sub-Agents
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx --with-subagent security --with-subagent performance << 'EOF'
          Analyze this codebase using security and performance sub-agents.
          Provide comprehensive recommendations for improvements.
          EOF
```

## Matrix Builds for Multiple Analyses

Run different types of analysis in parallel:

```yaml
name: Comprehensive AI Analysis
on:
  pull_request:

jobs:
  ai-analysis:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    strategy:
      matrix:
        analysis-type:
          - security
          - performance
          - documentation
          - testing
    
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Run ${{ matrix.analysis-type }} Analysis
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          case "${{ matrix.analysis-type }}" in
            security)
              PROMPT="Focus on security vulnerabilities and best practices"
              ;;
            performance)
              PROMPT="Analyze performance bottlenecks and optimization opportunities"
              ;;
            documentation)
              PROMPT="Review and improve code documentation and comments"
              ;;
            testing)
              PROMPT="Assess test coverage and suggest additional test cases"
              ;;
          esac
          
          npx qckfx << EOF
          $PROMPT
          
          Provide specific, actionable recommendations for this codebase.
          Save your analysis to ${{ matrix.analysis-type }}-report.md
          EOF
      
      - name: Upload Analysis Report
        uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
        with:
          name: ${{ matrix.analysis-type }}-report
          path: ${{ matrix.analysis-type }}-report.md
```

## CLI Options Reference

### Available Command Line Options

```bash
# Basic usage
npx qckfx "Your prompt here"

# Use specific model
npx qckfx --model claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022 "Analyze this code"

# Use custom agent configuration
npx qckfx --agent my-agent.json "Review the codebase"

# Override API credentials
npx qckfx --api-key YOUR_API_KEY "Analyze security"
npx qckfx --url https://custom-api.com/v1 "Review code"

# Continue previous session
npx qckfx --continue "Follow up on previous analysis"

# Add sub-agent tools
npx qckfx --with-subagent security performance "Comprehensive analysis"

# Validate agent configuration
npx qckfx --validate my-agent.json
```

### Environment Variables

| Variable | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `LLM_API_KEY` | API key for your LLM provider | `sk-ant-api03-...` |
| `LLM_BASE_URL` | Base URL for custom LLM providers | `https://api.openai.com/v1` |

## Best Practices

### 1. Secure API Keys

Store API keys as repository secrets and never commit them to code:

```yaml
env:
  LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
```

### 2. Use Specific Models

Specify models based on your needs and budget:

```bash
npx qckfx --model gemini-2.5-pro  # Default, balanced performance
npx qckfx --model claude-3-haiku-20240307  # Faster, cheaper
npx qckfx --model claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022  # Better quality
```

### 3. Limit Scope with Prompts

Be specific in your prompts to get focused, actionable results:

```bash
npx qckfx << 'EOF'
Review only the files changed in this PR for:
1. TypeScript type safety issues
2. React component best practices
3. Performance implications

Ignore formatting and style issues.
EOF
```

### 4. Handle Large Repositories

For large repositories, focus analysis on specific areas:

```bash
npx qckfx << 'EOF'
Focus your analysis on the src/components directory.
Ignore node_modules, dist, and test files.
EOF
```

### 5. Use Session Continuation

For complex analyses that build on previous work:

```yaml
- name: Initial Analysis
  run: npx qckfx "Analyze the codebase architecture"

- name: Follow-up Analysis
  run: npx qckfx --continue "Based on the previous analysis, suggest refactoring opportunities"
```

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**API Key Not Found:**
```yaml
# Ensure the secret is properly set
env:
  LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
```

**Out of Memory:**
```yaml
# Use a larger runner for large repositories
runs-on: ubuntu-latest-4-cores
```

**API Rate Limits:**
```yaml
# Add delays between API calls
- name: Wait between analyses
  run: sleep 30
```

**Model Not Available:**
```bash
# Check available models for your provider
npx qckfx --model gemini-2.5-pro "test prompt"
```

### Debugging

Check the CLI help for current options:

```bash
npx qckfx --help
```

Validate your agent configuration:

```bash
npx qckfx --validate .qckfx/agents/my-agent.json
```

## Integration Examples

### With Other Actions

Combine qckfx with other GitHub Actions:

```yaml
- name: Run Tests
  run: npm test

- name: AI Test Analysis
  env:
    LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
  run: |
    npx qckfx << 'EOF'
    Analyze the test results and suggest:
    1. Additional test cases for better coverage
    2. Improvements to existing tests
    3. Performance optimizations for the test suite
    EOF

- name: Deploy if Analysis Passes
  if: success()
  run: npm run deploy
```

### Custom Workflows

Create reusable workflows for common analysis patterns:

```yaml
# .github/workflows/reusable-ai-review.yml
name: Reusable AI Review
on:
  workflow_call:
    inputs:
      focus-area:
        required: true
        type: string
    secrets:
      llm-api-key:
        required: true

jobs:
  review:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - name: AI Review
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.llm-api-key }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx << EOF
          Focus on ${{ inputs.focus-area }} in this codebase.
          Provide specific recommendations and examples.
          EOF
```

The qckfx CLI's integration with GitHub Actions enables powerful automation capabilities that can significantly improve code quality, security, and development workflows. By leveraging AI-powered analysis in your CI/CD pipeline, you can catch issues early, maintain consistent code quality, and accelerate development cycles.

Commit message:

docs(applications): add --quiet flag recommendation for GitHub Actions workflows
• Introduce the --quiet flag for CI/CD environments in GitHub Actions docs\n• Explain benefits: clean logs, better performance, easier parsing, professional output\n• Recommend usage in GitHub Actions workflows to reduce log noise and improve automation experience

applications/github-actions.mdx, after:

---
title: "GitHub Actions Integration"
description: "Use qckfx CLI in GitHub Actions workflows for automated code analysis, testing, and repository management"
icon: "github"
---

The qckfx CLI can be seamlessly integrated into GitHub Actions workflows to provide AI-powered code analysis, automated testing, documentation generation, and repository management. This enables powerful automation capabilities in your CI/CD pipeline.

## Basic Setup

### Simple Workflow Example

```yaml
name: AI Code Review
on:
  pull_request:
    types: [opened, synchronize]

jobs:
  ai-review:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4
        with:
          fetch-depth: 0  # Fetch full history for better context

      - name: Setup Node.js
        uses: actions/setup-node@v4
        with:
          node-version: '18'

      - name: Run AI Code Review
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx --quiet << 'EOF'
          Please review the changes in this pull request. Focus on:
          1. Code quality and best practices
          2. Potential bugs or security issues
          3. Performance considerations
          4. Documentation completeness
          
          Provide a summary of your findings and any recommendations.
          EOF
```

### Environment Variables

Set up the required environment variables in your GitHub repository settings:

<CodeGroup>
```bash Repository Secrets
# Required: LLM API Key
LLM_API_KEY=sk-ant-...

# Optional: Custom LLM provider base URL
LLM_BASE_URL=https://api.openai.com/v1
```

```yaml Workflow Environment
env:
  LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
  # Optional: Override base URL for custom LLM providers
  LLM_BASE_URL: ${{ secrets.LLM_BASE_URL }}
```
</CodeGroup>

## Advanced Use Cases

### Automated Documentation Generation

```yaml
name: Update Documentation
on:
  push:
    branches: [main]
    paths: ['src/**', 'lib/**']

jobs:
  update-docs:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    permissions:
      contents: write
      pull-requests: write
    
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
        with:
          token: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
      
      - name: Generate Documentation
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx << 'EOF'
          Please update the documentation based on recent code changes:
          
          1. Review the git diff since the last documentation update
          2. Update README.md with any new features or API changes
          3. Generate or update API documentation for modified functions
          4. Ensure all examples are current and working
          5. Update the changelog with a summary of changes
          EOF
      
      - name: Create Pull Request
        uses: peter-evans/create-pull-request@v5
        with:
          title: "docs: automated documentation update"
          body: "Automated documentation update based on recent code changes"
          branch: docs/auto-update
```

### Code Quality Analysis

```yaml
name: Code Quality Check
on:
  pull_request:
    types: [opened, synchronize, reopened]

jobs:
  quality-check:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
        with:
          fetch-depth: 0
      
      - name: Analyze Code Quality
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx << 'EOF'
          Perform a comprehensive code quality analysis:
          
          1. Check for code smells and anti-patterns
          2. Identify potential performance bottlenecks
          3. Review error handling and edge cases
          4. Assess test coverage and suggest missing tests
          5. Verify adherence to project coding standards
          
          Generate a detailed report with specific recommendations.
          Save the report to quality-report.md
          EOF
      
      - name: Upload Quality Report
        uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
        with:
          name: quality-report
          path: quality-report.md
      
      - name: Comment on PR
        uses: actions/github-script@v7
        with:
          script: |
            const fs = require('fs');
            if (fs.existsSync('quality-report.md')) {
              const report = fs.readFileSync('quality-report.md', 'utf8');
              github.rest.issues.createComment({
                issue_number: context.issue.number,
                owner: context.repo.owner,
                repo: context.repo.repo,
                body: `## 🤖 AI Code Quality Report\n\n${report}`
              });
            }
```

### Security Audit

```yaml
name: Security Audit
on:
  schedule:
    - cron: '0 2 * * 1'  # Weekly on Monday at 2 AM
  workflow_dispatch:

jobs:
  security-audit:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Security Analysis
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx << 'EOF'
          Conduct a security audit of the codebase:
          
          1. Scan for common security vulnerabilities (OWASP Top 10)
          2. Check for hardcoded secrets or sensitive data
          3. Review authentication and authorization mechanisms
          4. Analyze input validation and sanitization
          5. Check for insecure dependencies
          6. Review API endpoints for security best practices
          
          Generate a security report with findings and remediation steps.
          Save the report to security-audit.md
          EOF
      
      - name: Create Security Issue
        if: always()
        uses: actions/github-script@v7
        with:
          script: |
            const fs = require('fs');
            if (fs.existsSync('security-audit.md')) {
              const report = fs.readFileSync('security-audit.md', 'utf8');
              github.rest.issues.create({
                owner: context.repo.owner,
                repo: context.repo.repo,
                title: `🔒 Weekly Security Audit - ${new Date().toISOString().split('T')[0]}`,
                body: report,
                labels: ['security', 'audit']
              });
            }
```

## Using Custom Agents

### With Agent Configuration Files

```yaml
name: Custom Agent Analysis
on:
  pull_request:

jobs:
  custom-analysis:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Run Custom Agent
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx --agent .qckfx/agents/code-reviewer.json << 'EOF'
          Review this pull request for code quality and suggest improvements.
          EOF
```

### With Sub-Agents

```yaml
name: Multi-Agent Analysis
on:
  pull_request:

jobs:
  multi-agent:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Run Analysis with Sub-Agents
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx --with-subagent security --with-subagent performance << 'EOF'
          Analyze this codebase using security and performance sub-agents.
          Provide comprehensive recommendations for improvements.
          EOF
```

## Matrix Builds for Multiple Analyses

Run different types of analysis in parallel:

```yaml
name: Comprehensive AI Analysis
on:
  pull_request:

jobs:
  ai-analysis:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    strategy:
      matrix:
        analysis-type:
          - security
          - performance
          - documentation
          - testing
    
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      
      - name: Run ${{ matrix.analysis-type }} Analysis
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
        run: |
          case "${{ matrix.analysis-type }}" in
            security)
              PROMPT="Focus on security vulnerabilities and best practices"
              ;;
            performance)
              PROMPT="Analyze performance bottlenecks and optimization opportunities"
              ;;
            documentation)
              PROMPT="Review and improve code documentation and comments"
              ;;
            testing)
              PROMPT="Assess test coverage and suggest additional test cases"
              ;;
          esac
          
          npx qckfx << EOF
          $PROMPT
          
          Provide specific, actionable recommendations for this codebase.
          Save your analysis to ${{ matrix.analysis-type }}-report.md
          EOF
      
      - name: Upload Analysis Report
        uses: actions/upload-artifact@v4
        with:
          name: ${{ matrix.analysis-type }}-report
          path: ${{ matrix.analysis-type }}-report.md
```

## CLI Options Reference

### Available Command Line Options

```bash
# Basic usage
npx qckfx "Your prompt here"

# Use specific model
npx qckfx --model claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022 "Analyze this code"

# Use custom agent configuration
npx qckfx --agent my-agent.json "Review the codebase"

# Override API credentials
npx qckfx --api-key YOUR_API_KEY "Analyze security"
npx qckfx --url https://custom-api.com/v1 "Review code"

# Continue previous session
npx qckfx --continue "Follow up on previous analysis"

# Add sub-agent tools
npx qckfx --with-subagent security performance "Comprehensive analysis"

# Validate agent configuration
npx qckfx --validate my-agent.json

# Quiet mode for CI/CD (recommended for GitHub Actions)
npx qckfx --quiet "Clean output for automated workflows"
npx qckfx -q --model claude-3-haiku-20240307 "Fast analysis with minimal output"
```

### The --quiet Flag for CI/CD

The `--quiet` (or `-q`) flag is **highly recommended** for GitHub Actions and other CI/CD environments. It provides several benefits:

- **Clean Logs**: Suppresses all output except the final response and errors
- **Better Performance**: Reduces I/O overhead by eliminating progress indicators and verbose logging
- **Easier Parsing**: Makes it simple to capture and process the AI's response in scripts
- **Professional Output**: Provides clean, focused results perfect for automated workflows

<Tip>
Always use `--quiet` in GitHub Actions workflows to keep your action logs clean and focused on the actual AI analysis results.
</Tip>

```bash
# ✅ Recommended for GitHub Actions
npx qckfx --quiet "Analyze this pull request for security issues"

# ❌ Not recommended for CI/CD (too verbose)
npx qckfx "Analyze this pull request for security issues"
```

### Environment Variables

| Variable | Description | Example |
|----------|-------------|---------|
| `LLM_API_KEY` | API key for your LLM provider | `sk-ant-api03-...` |
| `LLM_BASE_URL` | Base URL for custom LLM providers | `https://api.openai.com/v1` |

## Best Practices

### 1. Secure API Keys

Store API keys as repository secrets and never commit them to code:

```yaml
env:
  LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
```

### 2. Use Specific Models

Specify models based on your needs and budget:

```bash
npx qckfx --quiet --model gemini-2.5-pro  # Default, balanced performance
npx qckfx --quiet --model claude-3-haiku-20240307  # Faster, cheaper
npx qckfx --quiet --model claude-3-5-sonnet-20241022  # Better quality
```

### 3. Limit Scope with Prompts

Be specific in your prompts to get focused, actionable results:

```bash
npx qckfx << 'EOF'
Review only the files changed in this PR for:
1. TypeScript type safety issues
2. React component best practices
3. Performance implications

Ignore formatting and style issues.
EOF
```

### 4. Handle Large Repositories

For large repositories, focus analysis on specific areas:

```bash
npx qckfx << 'EOF'
Focus your analysis on the src/components directory.
Ignore node_modules, dist, and test files.
EOF
```

### 5. Use Session Continuation

For complex analyses that build on previous work:

```yaml
- name: Initial Analysis
  run: npx qckfx "Analyze the codebase architecture"

- name: Follow-up Analysis
  run: npx qckfx --continue "Based on the previous analysis, suggest refactoring opportunities"
```

## Troubleshooting

### Common Issues

**API Key Not Found:**
```yaml
# Ensure the secret is properly set
env:
  LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
```

**Out of Memory:**
```yaml
# Use a larger runner for large repositories
runs-on: ubuntu-latest-4-cores
```

**API Rate Limits:**
```yaml
# Add delays between API calls
- name: Wait between analyses
  run: sleep 30
```

**Model Not Available:**
```bash
# Check available models for your provider
npx qckfx --model gemini-2.5-pro "test prompt"
```

### Debugging

Check the CLI help for current options:

```bash
npx qckfx --help
```

Validate your agent configuration:

```bash
npx qckfx --validate .qckfx/agents/my-agent.json
```

## Integration Examples

### With Other Actions

Combine qckfx with other GitHub Actions:

```yaml
- name: Run Tests
  run: npm test

- name: AI Test Analysis
  env:
    LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.LLM_API_KEY }}
  run: |
    npx qckfx << 'EOF'
    Analyze the test results and suggest:
    1. Additional test cases for better coverage
    2. Improvements to existing tests
    3. Performance optimizations for the test suite
    EOF

- name: Deploy if Analysis Passes
  if: success()
  run: npm run deploy
```

### Custom Workflows

Create reusable workflows for common analysis patterns:

```yaml
# .github/workflows/reusable-ai-review.yml
name: Reusable AI Review
on:
  workflow_call:
    inputs:
      focus-area:
        required: true
        type: string
    secrets:
      llm-api-key:
        required: true

jobs:
  review:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - name: AI Review
        env:
          LLM_API_KEY: ${{ secrets.llm-api-key }}
        run: |
          npx qckfx << EOF
          Focus on ${{ inputs.focus-area }} in this codebase.
          Provide specific recommendations and examples.
          EOF
```

The qckfx CLI's integration with GitHub Actions enables powerful automation capabilities that can significantly improve code quality, security, and development workflows. By leveraging AI-powered analysis in your CI/CD pipeline, you can catch issues early, maintain consistent code quality, and accelerate development cycles.
